Skyflow secures the flow of data across datastores, models, and agents. Enterprises turn to Skyflow as their runtime AI data control layer to protect sensitive data, enable safe AI deployment, and unlock full value from their applications, data platforms, and AI systems.

Skyflow is trusted by Fortune 500 enterprises, and leading SaaS companies in financial services, healthcare, retail, travel and hospitality.

Skyflow is headquartered in Palo Alto, California and was founded in 2019. For more information, visit www.skyflow.com or follow on X and LinkedIn.

About the role:

As a Backend Software Engineer you will be responsible for developing a state-of-the-art SaaS solution that enables enterprises to govern and protect their sensitive data. You will contribute to performance engineering efforts and ensure low-latency and high-throughput transactions at scale. You will participate and be responsible for enforcing best practices in software quality, security, testing and documentation.

We know great software engineers come from diverse backgrounds so no single individual may have all the desired skills on day one. But if you are the kind of software engineer who would have loved to engineer solutions for Stripe or Twilio API's, or the Slack or Zendesk app, or the Snowflake or MongoDB platform - we want to talk to you.

We are looking for a Backend Engineer to help design and build robust, scalable systems. The ideal candidate will have experience with API design, distributed systems, and integrating with external data platforms and services. You'll closely work with our team to own the architecture and implementation of services that are core to our platform.

You have

Proficient in one or more programming languages like Go (preferred), Java, C, C++, Python

Experience with cloud platforms (GCP, AWS or Azure)

Experience in performance engineering: developing high-throughput, low-latency systems

Familiarity with data systems (e.g. Bigquery, Snowflake, Kafka)

Deep understanding of algorithms, data structures, scalability, and distributed systems

Solid understanding of RESTful design, event driven systems, and security best practices

Experience with continuous integration, writing testable code, and test-driven development

Traits such as being a fast learner, adaptable to changing landscape and most importantly a strong believer in being hands-on

You will

Responsible for designing and developing Privacy APIs and backend infrastructure to support large-scale data and privacy workflows

Own integration with third party and internal data platforms (e.g data warehouses, REST/GraphQL services, message queues)

Ensure system reliability, performance and maintainability

Contribute to performance engineering efforts and ensure low-latency and high-throughput transactions at scale

Participate in building and implementing effective test strategies and developing software with high-agility and zero downtime

Collaborate with engineering, product and infrastructure teams

Benefits:

Work from home expense (U.S., Canada, and Australia)

Excellent Health, Dental, and Vision Insurance Options (Varies by Country)

Vanguard 401k

Very generous PTO

Flexible Hours

Generous Equity

At Skyflow, we believe that diverse teams are the strongest teams. We invite applicants of all genders, races, ethnicities, nationalities, ages, religions, sexual orientations, disability statuses, educational experiences, family situations, and socio-economic backgrounds.
